PKMN 0 (missingno) sky-attack water-gun blizzard fissure

PKMN 1 (bulbasaur)
LVL-growl LVL-tackle LVL-leech-seed LVL-vine-whip LVL-poison-powder 
LVL-razor-leaf LVL-growth LVL-sleep-powder LVL-solar-beam bide body-slam cut 
double-edge double-team mega-drain mimic rage reflect rest solar-beam 
substitute swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 2 (ivysaur)
LVL-growl LVL-tackle LVL-leech-seed LVL-vine-whip LVL-poison-powder 
LVL-razor-leaf LVL-growth LVL-sleep-powder LVL-solar-beam bide body-slam cut 
double-edge double-team mega-drain mimic rage reflect rest solar-beam 
substitute swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 3 (venusaur)
LVL-growl LVL-tackle LVL-leech-seed LVL-vine-whip LVL-poison-powder 
LVL-razor-leaf LVL-growth LVL-sleep-powder LVL-solar-beam bide body-slam cut 
double-edge double-team hyper-beam mega-drain mimic rage reflect rest 
solar-beam substitute swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 4 (charmander)
LVL-growl LVL-scratch LVL-ember LVL-leer LVL-rage LVL-slash LVL-flamethrower 
LVL-fire-spin bide body-slam counter cut dig double-edge double-team 
dragon-rage fire-blast mega-kick mega-punch mimic rage reflect rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute swift swords-dance 
take-down toxic

PKMN 5 (charmeleon)
LVL-growl LVL-scratch LVL-ember LVL-leer LVL-rage LVL-slash LVL-flamethrower 
LVL-fire-spin bide body-slam counter cut dig double-edge double-team 
dragon-rage fire-blast mega-kick mega-punch mimic rage reflect rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute swift swords-dance 
take-down toxic

PKMN 6 (charizard)
LVL-growl LVL-scratch LVL-ember LVL-leer LVL-rage LVL-slash LVL-flamethrower 
LVL-fire-spin bide body-slam counter cut dig double-edge double-team 
dragon-rage earthquake fire-blast fissure fly hyper-beam mega-kick mega-punch 
mimic rage reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute 
swift swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 7 (squirtle)
LVL-tackle LVL-tail-whip LVL-bubble LVL-water-gun LVL-bite LVL-withdraw 
LVL-skull-bash LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter dig 
double-edge double-team ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch mimic rage reflect rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute surf take-down toxic 
water-gun

PKMN 8 (wartortle)
LVL-tackle LVL-tail-whip LVL-bubble LVL-water-gun LVL-bite LVL-withdraw 
LVL-skull-bash LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter dig 
double-edge double-team ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch mimic rage reflect rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute surf take-down toxic 
water-gun

PKMN 9 (blastoise)
LVL-tackle LVL-tail-whip LVL-bubble LVL-water-gun LVL-bite LVL-withdraw 
LVL-skull-bash LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter dig 
double-edge double-team earthquake fissure hyper-beam ice-beam mega-kick 
mega-punch mimic rage reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission 
substitute surf take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 10 (caterpie)
LVL-string-shot LVL-tackle

PKMN 11 (metapod)
LVL-harden

PKMN 12 (butterfree)
LVL-confusion LVL-poison-powder LVL-stun-spore LVL-sleep-powder LVL-supersonic 
LVL-whirlwind LVL-gust LVL-psybeam bide double-edge double-team flash 
hyper-beam mega-drain mimic psychic psywave rage razor-wind reflect rest 
solar-beam substitute swift take-down teleport toxic whirlwind

PKMN 13 (weedle)
LVL-poison-sting LVL-string-shot

PKMN 14 (kakuna)
LVL-harden

PKMN 15 (beedrill)
LVL-fury-attack LVL-focus-energy LVL-twineedle LVL-rage LVL-pin-missile 
LVL-agility bide cut double-edge double-team hyper-beam mega-drain mimic rage 
reflect rest skull-bash substitute swift swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 16 (pidgey)
LVL-gust LVL-sand-attack LVL-quick-attack LVL-whirlwind LVL-wing-attack 
LVL-agility LVL-mirror-move bide double-edge double-team fly mimic rage 
razor-wind reflect rest sky-attack substitute swift take-down toxic whirlwind

PKMN 17 (pidgeotto)
LVL-gust LVL-sand-attack LVL-quick-attack LVL-whirlwind LVL-wing-attack 
LVL-agility LVL-mirror-move bide double-edge double-team fly mimic rage 
razor-wind reflect rest sky-attack substitute swift take-down toxic whirlwind

PKMN 18 (pidgeot)
LVL-gust LVL-sand-attack LVL-quick-attack LVL-whirlwind LVL-wing-attack 
LVL-agility LVL-mirror-move bide double-edge double-team fly hyper-beam mimic 
rage razor-wind reflect rest sky-attack substitute swift take-down toxic 
whirlwind

PKMN 19 (rattata)
LVL-tackle LVL-tail-whip LVL-quick-attack LVL-hyper-fang LVL-focus-energy 
LVL-super-fang bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam dig double-edge double-team 
mimic rage rest skull-bash substitute swift take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic 
water-gun

PKMN 20 (raticate)
LVL-tackle LVL-tail-whip LVL-quick-attack LVL-hyper-fang LVL-focus-energy 
LVL-super-fang bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam dig double-edge double-team 
hyper-beam ice-beam mimic rage rest skull-bash substitute swift take-down 
thunderbolt thunder toxic water-gun

PKMN 21 (spearow)
LVL-growl LVL-peck LVL-leer LVL-fury-attack LVL-mirror-move LVL-drill-peck 
LVL-agility bide double-edge double-team fly mimic rage razor-wind rest 
sky-attack substitute swift take-down toxic whirlwind

PKMN 22 (fearow)
LVL-growl LVL-peck LVL-leer LVL-fury-attack LVL-mirror-move LVL-drill-peck 
LVL-agility bide double-edge double-team fly hyper-beam mimic rage razor-wind 
rest sky-attack substitute swift take-down toxic whirlwind

PKMN 23 (ekans)
LVL-leer LVL-wrap LVL-poison-sting LVL-bite LVL-glare LVL-screech LVL-acid bide 
body-slam dig double-edge double-team earthquake fissure mega-drain mimic rage 
rest rock-slide skull-bash strength substitute take-down toxic

PKMN 24 (arbok)
LVL-leer LVL-wrap LVL-poison-sting LVL-bite LVL-glare LVL-screech LVL-acid bide 
body-slam dig double-edge double-team earthquake fissure hyper-beam mega-drain 
mimic rage rest rock-slide skull-bash strength substitute take-down toxic

PKMN 25 (pikachu)
LVL-growl LVL-thunder-shock LVL-tail-whip LVL-thunder-wave LVL-double-team 
LVL-quick-attack LVL-slam LVL-swift LVL-thunderbolt LVL-agility LVL-thunder 
LVL-light-screen bide body-slam double-edge double-team flash mega-kick 
mega-punch mimic pay-day rage reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash submission 
substitute swift take-down thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic

PKMN 26 (raichu)
LVL-growl LVL-thunder-shock LVL-thunder-wave bide body-slam double-edge 
double-team flash hyper-beam mega-kick mega-punch mimic pay-day rage reflect 
rest seismic-toss skull-bash submission substitute swift take-down thunderbolt 
thunder thunder-wave toxic

PKMN 27 (sandshrew)
LVL-scratch LVL-sand-attack LVL-slash LVL-poison-sting LVL-swift 
LVL-fury-swipes bide body-slam cut dig double-edge double-team earthquake 
fissure mimic rage rest rock-slide seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission 
substitute swift swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 28 (sandslash)
LVL-scratch LVL-sand-attack LVL-slash LVL-poison-sting LVL-swift 
LVL-fury-swipes bide body-slam cut dig double-edge double-team earthquake 
fissure hyper-beam mimic rage rest rock-slide seismic-toss skull-bash strength 
submission substitute swift swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 29 (nidoran f)
LVL-growl LVL-tackle LVL-scratch LVL-poison-sting LVL-tail-whip LVL-bite 
LVL-fury-swipes LVL-double-kick bide blizzard body-slam double-edge double-team 
mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash substitute take-down thunderbolt thunder 
toxic

PKMN 30 (nidorina)
LVL-growl LVL-tackle LVL-scratch LVL-poison-sting LVL-tail-whip LVL-bite 
LVL-fury-swipes LVL-double-kick bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge 
double-team horn-drill ice-beam mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash substitute 
take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic water-gun

PKMN 31 (nidoqueen)
LVL-tackle LVL-tail-whip LVL-scratch LVL-double-kick LVL-poison-sting 
LVL-body-slam bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter double-edge 
double-team earthquake fire-blast fissure horn-drill hyper-beam ice-beam 
mega-kick mega-punch mimic pay-day rage reflect rest rock-slide seismic-toss 
skull-bash strength submission substitute surf take-down thunderbolt thunder 
toxic water-gun

PKMN 32 (nidoran m)
LVL-leer LVL-tackle LVL-horn-attack LVL-poison-sting LVL-focus-energy 
LVL-fury-attack LVL-horn-drill LVL-double-kick bide blizzard body-slam 
double-edge double-team horn-drill mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash 
substitute take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 33 (nidorino)
LVL-leer LVL-tackle LVL-horn-attack LVL-poison-sting LVL-focus-energy 
LVL-fury-attack LVL-horn-drill LVL-double-kick bide blizzard body-slam 
bubble-beam double-edge double-team horn-drill ice-beam mimic rage reflect rest 
skull-bash substitute take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic water-gun

PKMN 34 (nidoking)
LVL-tackle LVL-horn-attack LVL-double-kick LVL-poison-sting LVL-thrash bide 
blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter double-edge double-team earthquake 
fire-blast fissure horn-drill hyper-beam ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch mimic 
pay-day rage reflect rest rock-slide seismic-toss skull-bash strength 
submission substitute surf take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic water-gun

PKMN 35 (clefairy)
LVL-growl LVL-pound LVL-sing LVL-double-slap LVL-minimize LVL-metronome 
LVL-defense-curl LVL-light-screen bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter 
double-edge double-team fire-blast flash ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch 
metronome mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash 
solar-beam strength submission substitute take-down teleport thunderbolt 
thunder thunder-wave toxic tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 36 (clefable)
LVL-double-slap LVL-metronome LVL-minimize LVL-sing bide blizzard body-slam 
bubble-beam counter double-edge double-team fire-blast flash hyper-beam 
ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash solar-beam strength submission substitute take-down 
teleport thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 37 (vulpix)
LVL-ember LVL-tail-whip LVL-quick-attack LVL-roar LVL-confuse-ray 
LVL-flamethrower LVL-fire-spin bide body-slam dig double-edge double-team 
fire-blast mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash substitute swift take-down toxic

PKMN 38 (ninetales)
LVL-ember LVL-quick-attack LVL-roar LVL-tail-whip bide body-slam dig 
double-edge double-team fire-blast hyper-beam mimic rage reflect rest 
skull-bash substitute swift take-down toxic

PKMN 39 (jigglypuff)
LVL-sing LVL-pound LVL-disable LVL-defense-curl LVL-double-slap LVL-rest 
LVL-body-slam LVL-double-edge bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter 
double-edge double-team fire-blast flash ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch mimic 
psychic psywave rage reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash solar-beam strength 
submission substitute take-down teleport thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic 
tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 40 (wigglytuff)
LVL-defense-curl LVL-disable LVL-double-slap LVL-sing bide blizzard body-slam 
bubble-beam counter double-edge double-team fire-blast flash hyper-beam 
ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash solar-beam strength submission substitute take-down 
teleport thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 41 (zubat)
LVL-leech-life LVL-supersonic LVL-bite LVL-confuse-ray LVL-wing-attack LVL-haze 
bide double-edge double-team mega-drain mimic rage razor-wind rest substitute 
swift take-down toxic whirlwind

PKMN 42 (golbat)
LVL-leech-life LVL-screech LVL-supersonic LVL-bite LVL-confuse-ray 
LVL-wing-attack LVL-haze bide double-edge double-team hyper-beam mega-drain 
mimic rage razor-wind rest substitute swift take-down toxic whirlwind

PKMN 43 (oddish)
LVL-absorb LVL-poison-powder LVL-stun-spore LVL-sleep-powder LVL-acid 
LVL-petal-dance LVL-solar-beam bide cut double-edge double-team mega-drain 
mimic rage reflect rest solar-beam substitute swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 44 (gloom)
LVL-absorb LVL-poison-powder LVL-stun-spore LVL-sleep-powder LVL-acid 
LVL-petal-dance LVL-solar-beam bide cut double-edge double-team mega-drain 
mimic rage reflect rest solar-beam substitute swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 45 (vileplume)
LVL-acid LVL-petal-dance LVL-poison-powder LVL-stun-spore LVL-sleep-powder bide 
body-slam cut double-edge double-team hyper-beam mega-drain mimic rage reflect 
rest solar-beam substitute swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 46 (paras)
LVL-scratch LVL-stun-spore LVL-leech-life LVL-spore LVL-slash LVL-growth bide 
body-slam cut dig double-edge double-team mega-drain mimic rage reflect rest 
skull-bash solar-beam substitute swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 47 (parasect)
LVL-scratch LVL-stun-spore LVL-leech-life LVL-spore LVL-slash LVL-growth bide 
body-slam cut dig double-edge double-team hyper-beam mega-drain mimic rage 
reflect rest skull-bash solar-beam substitute swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 48 (venonat)
LVL-disable LVL-tackle LVL-supersonic LVL-confusion LVL-poison-powder 
LVL-leech-life LVL-stun-spore LVL-psybeam LVL-sleep-powder LVL-psychic bide 
double-edge double-team flash mega-drain mimic psychic psywave rage reflect 
rest solar-beam substitute take-down toxic

PKMN 49 (venomoth)
LVL-confusion LVL-disable LVL-supersonic LVL-tackle LVL-poison-powder 
LVL-leech-life LVL-stun-spore LVL-psybeam LVL-sleep-powder LVL-psychic bide 
double-edge double-team flash hyper-beam mega-drain mimic psychic psywave rage 
razor-wind reflect rest solar-beam substitute swift take-down teleport toxic 
whirlwind

PKMN 50 (diglett)
LVL-scratch LVL-growl LVL-dig LVL-sand-attack LVL-slash LVL-earthquake bide 
body-slam cut dig double-edge double-team earthquake fissure mimic rage rest 
rock-slide substitute take-down toxic

PKMN 51 (dugtrio)
LVL-scratch LVL-growl LVL-dig LVL-sand-attack LVL-slash LVL-earthquake bide 
body-slam cut dig double-edge double-team earthquake fissure hyper-beam mimic 
rage rest rock-slide substitute take-down toxic

PKMN 52 (meowth)
LVL-growl LVL-scratch LVL-bite LVL-pay-day LVL-screech LVL-fury-swipes 
LVL-slash bide body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team mimic pay-day rage 
rest skull-bash substitute swift take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic water-gun

PKMN 53 (persian)
LVL-growl LVL-scratch LVL-bite LVL-pay-day LVL-screech LVL-fury-swipes 
LVL-slash bide body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team hyper-beam mimic 
pay-day rage rest skull-bash substitute swift take-down thunderbolt thunder 
toxic water-gun

PKMN 54 (psyduck)
LVL-scratch LVL-tail-whip LVL-disable LVL-confusion LVL-fury-swipes 
LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter dig double-edge 
double-team ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch mimic pay-day rage rest seismic-toss 
skull-bash strength submission substitute surf swift take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 55 (golduck)
LVL-scratch LVL-tail-whip LVL-disable LVL-confusion LVL-fury-swipes 
LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter dig double-edge 
double-team hyper-beam ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch mimic pay-day rage rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute surf swift take-down 
toxic water-gun

PKMN 56 (mankey)
LVL-leer LVL-scratch LVL-low-kick LVL-karate-chop LVL-fury-swipes 
LVL-focus-energy LVL-seismic-toss LVL-thrash LVL-screech bide body-slam counter 
dig double-edge double-team mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic pay-day rage 
rest rock-slide seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute swift 
take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 57 (primeape)
LVL-leer LVL-scratch LVL-low-kick LVL-karate-chop LVL-fury-swipes 
LVL-focus-energy LVL-rage LVL-seismic-toss LVL-screech LVL-thrash bide 
body-slam counter dig double-edge double-team hyper-beam mega-kick mega-punch 
metronome mimic pay-day rage rest rock-slide seismic-toss skull-bash strength 
submission substitute swift take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 58 (growlithe)
LVL-bite LVL-roar LVL-ember LVL-leer LVL-take-down LVL-agility LVL-flamethrower 
bide body-slam dig double-edge double-team dragon-rage fire-blast mimic rage 
reflect rest skull-bash substitute swift take-down toxic

PKMN 59 (arcanine)
LVL-ember LVL-leer LVL-roar LVL-take-down bide body-slam dig double-edge 
double-team dragon-rage fire-blast hyper-beam mimic rage reflect rest 
skull-bash substitute swift take-down teleport toxic

PKMN 60 (poliwag)
LVL-bubble LVL-hypnosis LVL-water-gun LVL-double-slap LVL-body-slam LVL-amnesia 
LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team 
ice-beam mimic psychic psywave rage rest skull-bash substitute surf take-down 
toxic water-gun

PKMN 61 (poliwhirl)
LVL-bubble LVL-hypnosis LVL-water-gun LVL-double-slap LVL-body-slam LVL-amnesia 
LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter double-edge 
double-team earthquake fissure ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic 
psychic psywave rage rest seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission 
substitute surf take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 62 (poliwrath)
LVL-body-slam LVL-double-slap LVL-hypnosis LVL-water-gun bide blizzard 
body-slam bubble-beam counter double-edge double-team earthquake fissure 
hyper-beam ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage 
rest seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute surf take-down 
toxic water-gun

PKMN 63 (abra)
LVL-teleport bide body-slam counter double-edge double-team flash mega-kick 
mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest seismic-toss 
skull-bash submission substitute take-down teleport thunder-wave toxic 
tri-attack

PKMN 64 (kadabra)
LVL-kinesis LVL-teleport LVL-confusion LVL-disable LVL-psybeam LVL-recover 
LVL-psychic LVL-reflect bide body-slam counter dig double-edge double-team 
flash mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash submission substitute take-down teleport thunder-wave 
toxic tri-attack

PKMN 65 (alakazam)
LVL-kinesis LVL-teleport LVL-confusion LVL-disable LVL-psybeam LVL-recover 
LVL-psychic LVL-reflect bide body-slam counter dig double-edge double-team 
flash hyper-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage 
reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash submission substitute take-down teleport 
thunder-wave toxic tri-attack

PKMN 66 (machop)
LVL-karate-chop LVL-low-kick LVL-leer LVL-focus-energy LVL-seismic-toss 
LVL-submission bide body-slam counter dig double-edge double-team earthquake 
fire-blast fissure mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic rage rest rock-slide 
seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute take-down toxic

PKMN 67 (machoke)
LVL-karate-chop LVL-low-kick LVL-leer LVL-focus-energy LVL-seismic-toss 
LVL-submission bide body-slam counter dig double-edge double-team earthquake 
fire-blast fissure mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic rage rest rock-slide 
seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute take-down toxic

PKMN 68 (machamp)
LVL-karate-chop LVL-low-kick LVL-leer LVL-focus-energy LVL-seismic-toss 
LVL-submission bide body-slam counter dig double-edge double-team earthquake 
fire-blast fissure hyper-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic rage rest 
rock-slide seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute take-down 
toxic

PKMN 69 (bellsprout)
LVL-growth LVL-vine-whip LVL-wrap LVL-poison-powder LVL-sleep-powder 
LVL-stun-spore LVL-acid LVL-razor-leaf LVL-slam bide cut double-edge 
double-team mega-drain mimic rage reflect rest solar-beam substitute 
swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 70 (weepinbell)
LVL-growth LVL-vine-whip LVL-wrap LVL-poison-powder LVL-sleep-powder 
LVL-stun-spore LVL-acid LVL-razor-leaf LVL-slam bide cut double-edge 
double-team mega-drain mimic rage reflect rest solar-beam substitute 
swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 71 (victreebel)
LVL-acid LVL-razor-leaf LVL-stun-spore LVL-wrap LVL-poison-powder 
LVL-sleep-powder bide body-slam cut double-edge double-team hyper-beam 
mega-drain mimic rage reflect rest solar-beam substitute swords-dance take-down 
toxic

PKMN 72 (tentacool)
LVL-acid LVL-supersonic LVL-wrap LVL-poison-sting LVL-water-gun LVL-constrict 
LVL-barrier LVL-screech LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard bubble-beam cut 
double-edge double-team ice-beam mega-drain mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash 
substitute surf swords-dance take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 73 (tentacruel)
LVL-acid LVL-supersonic LVL-wrap LVL-poison-sting LVL-water-gun LVL-constrict 
LVL-barrier LVL-screech LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard bubble-beam cut 
double-edge double-team hyper-beam ice-beam mega-drain mimic rage reflect rest 
skull-bash substitute surf swords-dance take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 74 (geodude)
LVL-tackle LVL-defense-curl LVL-rock-throw LVL-self-destruct LVL-harden 
LVL-earthquake LVL-explosion bide body-slam counter dig double-edge double-team 
earthquake explosion fire-blast fissure mega-punch metronome mimic rage rest 
rock-slide seismic-toss self-destruct strength submission substitute take-down 
toxic

PKMN 75 (graveler)
LVL-tackle LVL-defense-curl LVL-rock-throw LVL-self-destruct LVL-harden 
LVL-earthquake LVL-explosion bide body-slam counter dig double-edge double-team 
earthquake explosion fire-blast fissure mega-punch metronome mimic rage rest 
rock-slide seismic-toss self-destruct strength submission substitute take-down 
toxic

PKMN 76 (golem)
LVL-tackle LVL-defense-curl LVL-rock-throw LVL-self-destruct LVL-harden 
LVL-earthquake LVL-explosion bide body-slam counter dig double-edge double-team 
earthquake explosion fire-blast fissure hyper-beam mega-kick mega-punch 
metronome mimic rage rest rock-slide seismic-toss self-destruct strength 
submission substitute take-down toxic

PKMN 77 (ponyta)
LVL-ember LVL-tail-whip LVL-stomp LVL-growl LVL-fire-spin LVL-take-down 
LVL-agility bide body-slam double-edge double-team fire-blast horn-drill mimic 
rage reflect rest skull-bash substitute swift take-down toxic

PKMN 78 (rapidash)
LVL-ember LVL-tail-whip LVL-stomp LVL-growl LVL-fire-spin LVL-take-down 
LVL-agility bide body-slam double-edge double-team fire-blast horn-drill 
hyper-beam mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash substitute swift take-down toxic

PKMN 79 (slowpoke)
LVL-confusion LVL-disable LVL-headbutt LVL-growl LVL-water-gun LVL-amnesia 
LVL-psychic bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam dig double-edge double-team 
earthquake fire-blast fissure flash ice-beam mimic pay-day psychic psywave rage 
reflect rest skull-bash strength substitute surf swift take-down teleport 
thunder-wave toxic tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 80 (slowbro)
LVL-confusion LVL-disable LVL-headbutt LVL-growl LVL-water-gun LVL-withdraw 
LVL-amnesia LVL-psychic bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter dig 
double-edge double-team earthquake fire-blast fissure flash hyper-beam ice-beam 
mega-kick mega-punch mimic pay-day psychic psywave rage reflect rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute surf swift take-down 
teleport thunder-wave toxic tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 81 (magnemite)
LVL-tackle LVL-sonic-boom LVL-thunder-shock LVL-supersonic LVL-thunder-wave 
LVL-swift LVL-screech bide double-edge double-team flash mimic rage reflect 
rest substitute swift take-down teleport thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic

PKMN 82 (magneton)
LVL-tackle LVL-sonic-boom LVL-thunder-shock LVL-supersonic LVL-thunder-wave 
LVL-swift LVL-screech bide double-edge double-team flash hyper-beam mimic rage 
reflect rest substitute swift take-down teleport thunderbolt thunder 
thunder-wave toxic

PKMN 83 (farfetchd)
LVL-peck LVL-sand-attack LVL-leer LVL-fury-attack LVL-swords-dance LVL-agility 
LVL-slash bide body-slam cut double-edge double-team fly mimic rage razor-wind 
reflect rest skull-bash substitute swift swords-dance take-down toxic whirlwind

PKMN 84 (doduo)
LVL-peck LVL-growl LVL-fury-attack LVL-drill-peck LVL-rage LVL-tri-attack 
LVL-agility bide body-slam double-edge double-team fly mimic rage reflect rest 
skull-bash sky-attack substitute take-down toxic tri-attack whirlwind

PKMN 85 (dodrio)
LVL-peck LVL-growl LVL-fury-attack LVL-drill-peck LVL-rage LVL-tri-attack 
LVL-agility bide body-slam double-edge double-team fly hyper-beam mimic rage 
reflect rest skull-bash sky-attack substitute take-down toxic tri-attack 
whirlwind

PKMN 86 (seel)
LVL-headbutt LVL-growl LVL-aurora-beam LVL-rest LVL-take-down LVL-ice-beam bide 
blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team horn-drill ice-beam 
mimic pay-day rage rest skull-bash strength substitute surf take-down toxic 
water-gun

PKMN 87 (dewgong)
LVL-headbutt LVL-growl LVL-aurora-beam LVL-rest LVL-take-down LVL-ice-beam bide 
blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team horn-drill hyper-beam 
ice-beam mimic pay-day rage rest skull-bash strength substitute surf take-down 
toxic water-gun

PKMN 88 (grimer)
LVL-disable LVL-pound LVL-poison-gas LVL-minimize LVL-sludge LVL-harden 
LVL-screech LVL-acid-armor bide body-slam double-team explosion fire-blast 
mega-drain mimic rage rest self-destruct substitute thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 89 (muk)
LVL-disable LVL-pound LVL-poison-gas LVL-minimize LVL-sludge LVL-harden 
LVL-screech LVL-acid-armor bide body-slam double-team explosion fire-blast 
hyper-beam mega-drain mimic rage rest self-destruct substitute thunderbolt 
thunder toxic

PKMN 90 (shellder)
LVL-tackle LVL-withdraw LVL-supersonic LVL-clamp LVL-aurora-beam LVL-leer 
LVL-ice-beam bide blizzard bubble-beam double-edge double-team explosion 
ice-beam mimic rage reflect rest self-destruct substitute surf swift take-down 
teleport toxic tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 91 (cloyster)
LVL-aurora-beam LVL-clamp LVL-supersonic LVL-withdraw LVL-spike-cannon bide 
blizzard bubble-beam double-edge double-team explosion hyper-beam ice-beam 
mimic rage reflect rest self-destruct substitute surf swift take-down teleport 
toxic tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 92 (gastly)
LVL-confuse-ray LVL-lick LVL-night-shade LVL-hypnosis LVL-dream-eater bide 
double-team dream-eater explosion mega-drain mimic psychic psywave rage rest 
self-destruct substitute thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 93 (haunter)
LVL-confuse-ray LVL-lick LVL-night-shade LVL-hypnosis LVL-dream-eater bide 
double-team dream-eater explosion mega-drain mimic psychic psywave rage rest 
self-destruct substitute thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 94 (gengar)
LVL-confuse-ray LVL-lick LVL-night-shade LVL-hypnosis LVL-dream-eater bide 
body-slam counter double-edge double-team dream-eater explosion hyper-beam 
mega-drain mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage rest 
seismic-toss self-destruct skull-bash strength submission substitute take-down 
thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 95 (onix)
LVL-screech LVL-tackle LVL-bind LVL-rock-throw LVL-rage LVL-slam LVL-harden 
bide body-slam dig double-edge double-team earthquake explosion fissure mimic 
rage rest rock-slide self-destruct skull-bash strength substitute take-down 
toxic

PKMN 96 (drowzee)
LVL-hypnosis LVL-pound LVL-disable LVL-confusion LVL-headbutt LVL-poison-gas 
LVL-psychic LVL-meditate bide body-slam counter double-edge double-team 
dream-eater flash mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage 
reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash submission substitute take-down teleport 
thunder-wave toxic tri-attack

PKMN 97 (hypno)
LVL-hypnosis LVL-pound LVL-disable LVL-confusion LVL-headbutt LVL-poison-gas 
LVL-psychic LVL-meditate bide body-slam counter double-edge double-team 
dream-eater flash hyper-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic 
psywave rage reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash submission substitute 
take-down teleport thunder-wave toxic tri-attack

PKMN 98 (krabby)
LVL-bubble LVL-leer LVL-vice-grip LVL-guillotine LVL-stomp LVL-crabhammer 
LVL-harden bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam cut double-edge double-team 
ice-beam mimic rage rest strength substitute surf swords-dance take-down toxic 
water-gun

PKMN 99 (kingler)
LVL-bubble LVL-leer LVL-vice-grip LVL-guillotine LVL-stomp LVL-crabhammer 
LVL-harden bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam cut double-edge double-team 
hyper-beam ice-beam mimic rage rest strength substitute surf swords-dance 
take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 100 (voltorb)
LVL-screech LVL-tackle LVL-sonic-boom LVL-self-destruct LVL-light-screen 
LVL-swift LVL-explosion bide double-team explosion flash mimic rage reflect 
rest self-destruct substitute swift take-down teleport thunderbolt thunder 
thunder-wave toxic

PKMN 101 (electrode)
LVL-screech LVL-tackle LVL-sonic-boom LVL-self-destruct LVL-light-screen 
LVL-swift LVL-explosion bide double-team explosion flash hyper-beam mimic rage 
reflect rest self-destruct skull-bash substitute swift take-down teleport 
thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic

PKMN 102 (exeggcute)
LVL-barrage LVL-hypnosis LVL-reflect LVL-leech-seed LVL-stun-spore 
LVL-poison-powder LVL-solar-beam LVL-sleep-powder bide double-edge double-team 
egg-bomb explosion mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest self-destruct 
substitute take-down teleport toxic

PKMN 103 (exeggutor)
LVL-barrage LVL-hypnosis LVL-stomp bide double-edge double-team egg-bomb 
explosion hyper-beam mega-drain mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest 
self-destruct solar-beam strength substitute take-down teleport toxic

PKMN 104 (cubone)
LVL-growl LVL-bone-club LVL-tail-whip LVL-headbutt LVL-leer LVL-focus-energy 
LVL-thrash LVL-bonemerang LVL-rage bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter 
dig double-edge double-team earthquake fire-blast fissure ice-beam mega-kick 
mega-punch mimic rage rest seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission 
substitute take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 105 (marowak)
LVL-growl LVL-bone-club LVL-tail-whip LVL-headbutt LVL-leer LVL-focus-energy 
LVL-thrash LVL-bonemerang LVL-rage bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter 
dig double-edge double-team earthquake fire-blast fissure hyper-beam ice-beam 
mega-kick mega-punch mimic rage rest seismic-toss skull-bash strength 
submission substitute take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 106 (hitmonlee)
LVL-double-kick LVL-meditate LVL-rolling-kick LVL-jump-kick LVL-focus-energy 
LVL-high-jump-kick LVL-mega-kick bide body-slam counter double-edge double-team 
mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic rage rest seismic-toss skull-bash strength 
submission substitute swift take-down toxic

PKMN 107 (hitmonchan)
LVL-agility LVL-comet-punch LVL-fire-punch LVL-ice-punch LVL-thunder-punch 
LVL-mega-punch LVL-counter bide body-slam counter double-edge double-team 
mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic rage rest seismic-toss skull-bash strength 
submission substitute swift take-down toxic

PKMN 108 (lickitung)
LVL-supersonic LVL-wrap LVL-stomp LVL-disable LVL-defense-curl LVL-slam 
LVL-screech bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter cut double-edge 
double-team earthquake fire-blast fissure hyper-beam ice-beam mega-kick 
mega-punch mimic rage rest seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission 
substitute surf swords-dance take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic water-gun

PKMN 109 (koffing)
LVL-smog LVL-tackle LVL-sludge LVL-smokescreen LVL-self-destruct LVL-haze 
LVL-explosion bide double-team explosion fire-blast mimic rage rest 
self-destruct substitute thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 110 (weezing)
LVL-smog LVL-tackle LVL-sludge LVL-smokescreen LVL-self-destruct LVL-haze 
LVL-explosion bide double-team explosion fire-blast hyper-beam mimic rage rest 
self-destruct substitute thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 111 (rhyhorn)
LVL-horn-attack LVL-stomp LVL-tail-whip LVL-fury-attack LVL-horn-drill LVL-leer 
LVL-take-down bide body-slam dig double-edge double-team earthquake fire-blast 
fissure horn-drill mimic rage rest rock-slide skull-bash strength substitute 
take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 112 (rhydon)
LVL-horn-attack LVL-stomp LVL-tail-whip LVL-fury-attack LVL-horn-drill LVL-leer 
LVL-take-down bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter dig double-edge 
double-team earthquake fire-blast fissure horn-drill hyper-beam ice-beam 
mega-kick mega-punch mimic pay-day rage rest rock-slide seismic-toss skull-bash 
strength submission substitute surf take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic 
water-gun

PKMN 113 (chansey)
LVL-pound LVL-tail-whip LVL-double-slap LVL-sing LVL-growl LVL-minimize 
LVL-defense-curl LVL-light-screen LVL-double-edge bide blizzard body-slam 
bubble-beam counter double-edge double-team egg-bomb fire-blast flash 
hyper-beam ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage 
reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash soft-boiled solar-beam strength submission 
substitute take-down teleport thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic tri-attack 
water-gun

PKMN 114 (tangela)
LVL-constrict LVL-bind LVL-absorb LVL-vine-whip LVL-poison-powder 
LVL-stun-spore LVL-sleep-powder LVL-slam LVL-growth bide body-slam cut 
double-edge double-team hyper-beam mega-drain mimic rage rest skull-bash 
solar-beam substitute swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 115 (kangaskhan)
LVL-comet-punch LVL-rage LVL-bite LVL-tail-whip LVL-mega-punch LVL-leer 
LVL-dizzy-punch bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter double-edge 
double-team earthquake fire-blast fissure hyper-beam ice-beam mega-kick 
mega-punch mimic rage rest rock-slide seismic-toss skull-bash strength 
submission substitute surf take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic water-gun

PKMN 116 (horsea)
LVL-bubble LVL-smokescreen LVL-leer LVL-water-gun LVL-agility LVL-hydro-pump 
bide blizzard bubble-beam double-edge double-team ice-beam mimic rage rest 
skull-bash substitute surf swift take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 117 (seadra)
LVL-bubble LVL-smokescreen LVL-leer LVL-water-gun LVL-agility LVL-hydro-pump 
bide blizzard bubble-beam double-edge double-team hyper-beam ice-beam mimic 
rage rest skull-bash substitute surf swift take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 118 (goldeen)
LVL-peck LVL-tail-whip LVL-supersonic LVL-horn-attack LVL-fury-attack 
LVL-waterfall LVL-horn-drill LVL-agility bide blizzard bubble-beam double-edge 
double-team horn-drill ice-beam mimic rage rest skull-bash substitute surf 
swift take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 119 (seaking)
LVL-peck LVL-tail-whip LVL-supersonic LVL-horn-attack LVL-fury-attack 
LVL-waterfall LVL-horn-drill LVL-agility bide blizzard bubble-beam double-edge 
double-team horn-drill hyper-beam ice-beam mimic rage rest skull-bash 
substitute surf swift take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 120 (staryu)
LVL-tackle LVL-water-gun LVL-harden LVL-recover LVL-swift LVL-minimize 
LVL-light-screen LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard bubble-beam double-edge 
double-team flash ice-beam mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest skull-bash 
substitute surf swift take-down teleport thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic 
tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 121 (starmie)
LVL-harden LVL-tackle LVL-water-gun bide blizzard bubble-beam double-edge 
double-team flash hyper-beam ice-beam mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest 
skull-bash substitute surf swift take-down teleport thunderbolt thunder 
thunder-wave toxic tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 122 (mr mime)
LVL-barrier LVL-confusion LVL-light-screen LVL-double-slap LVL-meditate 
LVL-substitute bide body-slam counter double-edge double-team flash hyper-beam 
mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash solar-beam submission substitute take-down teleport 
thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic

PKMN 123 (scyther)
LVL-quick-attack LVL-leer LVL-focus-energy LVL-double-team LVL-slash 
LVL-swords-dance LVL-agility LVL-wing-attack bide cut double-edge double-team 
hyper-beam mimic rage rest skull-bash substitute swift swords-dance take-down 
toxic

PKMN 124 (jynx)
LVL-lovely-kiss LVL-pound LVL-lick LVL-double-slap LVL-ice-punch LVL-body-slam 
LVL-thrash LVL-blizzard bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter double-edge 
double-team hyper-beam ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic 
psywave rage reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash submission substitute 
take-down teleport toxic water-gun

PKMN 125 (electabuzz)
LVL-leer LVL-quick-attack LVL-thunder-shock LVL-screech LVL-thunder-punch 
LVL-light-screen LVL-thunder bide body-slam counter double-edge double-team 
flash hyper-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage 
reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute swift 
take-down teleport thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic

PKMN 126 (magmar)
LVL-ember LVL-leer LVL-confuse-ray LVL-fire-punch LVL-smokescreen LVL-smog 
LVL-flamethrower bide body-slam counter double-edge double-team fire-blast 
hyper-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic psychic psywave rage rest 
seismic-toss skull-bash strength submission substitute take-down teleport toxic

PKMN 127 (pinsir)
LVL-vice-grip LVL-bind LVL-seismic-toss LVL-guillotine LVL-focus-energy 
LVL-harden LVL-slash LVL-swords-dance bide body-slam cut double-edge 
double-team hyper-beam mimic rage rest seismic-toss strength submission 
substitute swords-dance take-down toxic

PKMN 128 (tauros)
LVL-tackle LVL-stomp LVL-tail-whip LVL-leer LVL-rage LVL-take-down bide 
blizzard body-slam double-edge double-team earthquake fire-blast fissure 
horn-drill hyper-beam ice-beam mimic rage rest skull-bash strength substitute 
take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic

PKMN 129 (magikarp)
LVL-splash LVL-tackle

PKMN 130 (gyarados)
LVL-tackle LVL-bite LVL-dragon-rage LVL-leer LVL-hydro-pump LVL-hyper-beam bide 
blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team dragon-rage fire-blast 
hyper-beam ice-beam mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash strength substitute surf 
take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic water-gun

PKMN 131 (lapras)
LVL-growl LVL-water-gun LVL-sing LVL-mist LVL-body-slam LVL-confuse-ray 
LVL-ice-beam LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge 
double-team dragon-rage horn-drill hyper-beam ice-beam mimic psychic psywave 
rage reflect rest skull-bash solar-beam strength substitute surf take-down 
thunderbolt thunder toxic water-gun

PKMN 132 (ditto)
LVL-transform

PKMN 133 (eevee)
LVL-tackle LVL-sand-attack LVL-growl LVL-quick-attack LVL-tail-whip 
LVL-focus-energy LVL-bite LVL-take-down bide body-slam double-edge double-team 
mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash substitute swift take-down toxic

PKMN 134 (vaporeon)
LVL-tackle LVL-sand-attack LVL-quick-attack LVL-water-gun LVL-aurora-beam 
LVL-tail-whip LVL-bite LVL-haze LVL-acid-armor LVL-mist LVL-hydro-pump bide 
blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team hyper-beam ice-beam 
mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash substitute surf swift take-down toxic 
water-gun

PKMN 135 (jolteon)
LVL-tackle LVL-sand-attack LVL-quick-attack LVL-thunder-shock LVL-tail-whip 
LVL-double-kick LVL-thunder-wave LVL-agility LVL-pin-missile LVL-thunder bide 
body-slam double-edge double-team flash hyper-beam mimic rage reflect rest 
skull-bash substitute swift take-down thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic

PKMN 136 (flareon)
LVL-tackle LVL-sand-attack LVL-quick-attack LVL-ember LVL-tail-whip LVL-bite 
LVL-smog LVL-fire-spin LVL-leer LVL-rage LVL-flamethrower bide body-slam 
double-edge double-team fire-blast hyper-beam mimic rage reflect rest 
skull-bash substitute swift take-down toxic

PKMN 137 (porygon)
LVL-conversion LVL-sharpen LVL-tackle LVL-psybeam LVL-recover LVL-agility 
LVL-tri-attack bide blizzard double-edge double-team flash hyper-beam ice-beam 
mimic psychic psywave rage reflect rest skull-bash substitute swift take-down 
teleport thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic tri-attack

PKMN 138 (omanyte)
LVL-water-gun LVL-withdraw LVL-horn-attack LVL-leer LVL-spike-cannon 
LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team 
ice-beam mimic rage reflect rest substitute surf take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 139 (omastar)
LVL-water-gun LVL-withdraw LVL-horn-attack LVL-leer LVL-spike-cannon 
LVL-hydro-pump bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team 
horn-drill hyper-beam ice-beam mimic rage reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash 
submission substitute surf take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 140 (kabuto)
LVL-harden LVL-scratch LVL-absorb LVL-slash LVL-leer LVL-hydro-pump bide 
blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team ice-beam mimic rage 
reflect rest substitute surf take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 141 (kabutops)
LVL-harden LVL-scratch LVL-absorb LVL-slash LVL-leer LVL-hydro-pump bide 
blizzard body-slam bubble-beam cut double-edge double-team hyper-beam ice-beam 
mega-kick mimic rage razor-wind reflect rest seismic-toss skull-bash submission 
substitute surf swords-dance take-down toxic water-gun

PKMN 142 (aerodactyl)
LVL-agility LVL-wing-attack LVL-supersonic LVL-bite LVL-take-down 
LVL-hyper-beam bide double-edge double-team dragon-rage fire-blast fly 
hyper-beam mimic rage razor-wind reflect rest sky-attack substitute swift 
take-down toxic whirlwind

PKMN 143 (snorlax)
LVL-amnesia LVL-headbutt LVL-rest LVL-body-slam LVL-harden LVL-double-edge 
LVL-hyper-beam bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter double-edge 
double-team earthquake fire-blast fissure hyper-beam ice-beam mega-kick 
mega-punch metronome mimic pay-day psychic psywave rage reflect rest rock-slide 
seismic-toss self-destruct skull-bash solar-beam strength submission substitute 
surf take-down thunderbolt thunder toxic water-gun

PKMN 144 (articuno)
LVL-ice-beam LVL-peck LVL-blizzard LVL-agility LVL-mist bide blizzard 
bubble-beam double-edge double-team fly hyper-beam ice-beam mimic rage 
razor-wind reflect rest sky-attack substitute swift take-down toxic water-gun 
whirlwind

PKMN 145 (zapdos)
LVL-drill-peck LVL-thunder-shock LVL-thunder LVL-agility LVL-light-screen bide 
double-edge double-team flash fly hyper-beam mimic rage razor-wind reflect rest 
sky-attack substitute swift take-down thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic 
whirlwind

PKMN 146 (moltres)
LVL-fire-spin LVL-peck LVL-leer LVL-agility LVL-sky-attack bide double-edge 
double-team fire-blast fly hyper-beam mimic rage razor-wind reflect rest 
sky-attack substitute swift take-down toxic whirlwind

PKMN 147 (dratini)
LVL-leer LVL-wrap LVL-thunder-wave LVL-agility LVL-slam LVL-dragon-rage 
LVL-hyper-beam bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team 
dragon-rage fire-blast ice-beam mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash substitute 
surf swift take-down thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic water-gun

PKMN 148 (dragonair)
LVL-leer LVL-wrap LVL-thunder-wave LVL-agility LVL-slam LVL-dragon-rage 
LVL-hyper-beam bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team 
dragon-rage fire-blast horn-drill ice-beam mimic rage reflect rest skull-bash 
substitute surf swift take-down thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic water-gun

PKMN 149 (dragonite)
LVL-leer LVL-wrap LVL-thunder-wave LVL-agility LVL-slam LVL-dragon-rage 
LVL-hyper-beam bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam double-edge double-team 
dragon-rage fire-blast horn-drill hyper-beam ice-beam mimic rage razor-wind 
reflect rest skull-bash strength substitute surf swift take-down thunderbolt 
thunder thunder-wave toxic water-gun

PKMN 150 (mewtwo)
LVL-confusion LVL-disable LVL-swift LVL-barrier LVL-psychic LVL-recover 
LVL-mist LVL-amnesia bide blizzard body-slam bubble-beam counter double-edge 
double-team fire-blast flash hyper-beam ice-beam mega-kick mega-punch metronome 
mimic pay-day psychic psywave rage reflect rest seismic-toss self-destruct 
skull-bash solar-beam strength submission substitute take-down teleport 
thunderbolt thunder thunder-wave toxic tri-attack water-gun

PKMN 151 (mew)
LVL-pound LVL-transform LVL-mega-punch LVL-metronome LVL-psychic bide blizzard 
body-slam bubble-beam counter cut dig double-edge double-team dragon-rage 
dream-eater earthquake egg-bomb explosion fire-blast fissure flash fly 
horn-drill hyper-beam ice-beam mega-drain mega-kick mega-punch metronome mimic 
pay-day psychic psywave rage razor-wind reflect rest rock-slide seismic-toss 
self-destruct skull-bash sky-attack soft-boiled solar-beam strength submission 
substitute surf swift swords-dance take-down teleport thunderbolt thunder 
thunder-wave toxic tri-attack water-gun whirlwind
